Cloudinary Image Integration:

Do not use placeholder or dummy images. Use the actual Cloudinary-hosted images that I have already uploaded.

Ensure Cloudinary URLs are correctly integrated into image components using the src attribute.

Validate that the images are being fetched dynamically via a proper mapping loop (if data-driven).

Optimize image rendering using loading="lazy" and responsive sizing with srcset or Cloudinary transformation URLs.

Responsive Layout & Mobile Optimization:

The current layout is not responsive. Make sure the website is fully mobile-first and fluid across screen sizes.

Use flexbox or CSS Grid for component alignment and section layout.

Implement media queries for breakpoints at 320px, 480px, 768px, 1024px, and 1280px for a seamless experience across devices.

Prioritize vertical stacking of content on smaller viewports (mobile), avoiding horizontal scroll.

Fix all content overflow and broken layout issues on smaller screens.

UI/UX Improvements:

Current font sizes are too large. Replace them with scalable, relative units like rem or em. Ensure they adapt based on device size.

Use a clean, modern font stack (e.g., "Inter", "Roboto", sans-serif") with consistent heading and paragraph hierarchy.

Maintain appropriate spacing, padding, and margins using a design system or utility-first CSS (like Tailwind or Bootstrap if available).

Ensure all buttons, images, and cards have consistent styling (border radius, shadows, hover states).

Other Considerations:

Ensure proper use of semantic HTML (<header>, <section>, <main>, <footer>, etc.)

Set the viewport meta tag correctly in <head>:

html
Copy
Edit
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
Test the website using Chrome DevTools Mobile View, Lighthouse, or tools like Responsively App.

Fix all console errors and network failures related to image or asset loading.

📌 Goal: A clean, fully responsive, mobile-first, and production-ready website UI with Cloudinary image integration, refined typography, and robust layout structure.